student   0   Barry
student   1   Antil
mark   1   DAPA   64
mark   2   IAML   72
mark   2   CCN   82
mark   1   AR   82
mark   2   COC   49
mark   1   SLIP   40
mark   1   BIO2   71
student   2   Josh
student   3   Andry
mark   3   TTS   97
mark   1   EXC   43
mark   2   IJP   89
mark   3   ES   98
mark   1   AV   57
student   4   Antle
student   5   Dasia
student   6   Ambrose
student   7   Michael
student   8   Sebastian
student   9   Acock
mark   0   COPT   100
mark   0   ADS   46
student   10   Annand
student   11   Arkell
student   12   Ackerman
student   13   Ackley
mark   13   AGTA   65
student   14   Angleton
student   15   Allerton
mark   9   IRP   77
student   16   Ackland
student   17   Finley
mark   2   AR   84
mark   9   DMR   42
student   18   Airington
mark   13   IRP   77
mark   18   ABS   60
mark   4   TTS   51
mark   4   IAML   77
student   19   Juliet
mark   13   PPLS   80
mark   5   DISS   64
student   20   Alltop
student   21   Danna
mark   14   AR   82
mark   4   INF1-CG   93
student   22   Aborn
student   23   Anslow
mark   14   BIO2   92
mark   14   RTN   72
student   24   Kaitlyn
student   25   Arkell
student   26   Mason
student   27   Applewhite
student   28   Harvey
student   29   Adderly
mark   6   EXC   84
mark   21   PM   79
